Collection Card Award Marketing Strategy Three Kingdoms Qunying Association
There are also 108 Water Margin cards in the card collection.
I remember that in my previous life, this kind of card collection and prize activity came out.
Countless people in order to collect a Water Margin Card
Or the Three Kingdoms Card.
Crazy to buy little white bear crispy noodles
This kind of collecting consumption
The heart is a temptation that can't be compared to how many items
What is this?
The mountain people have their own tricks
Xiao Zhou, hurry up and print and paste a few cards.
The characters of the Three Kingdoms and the characters of the Water Margin
Printed beautifully
Yiqiu, your prize is too big, right?
A small car costs hundreds of thousands.
Don't worry.
When they have collected the whole set of Shi Wuka
We all made millions
What is a small car?
Don't miss it when you pass by.
Buying snacks and a car with a cool gift box is real.
You can get a car if you buy a gift box.
Fake
A car costs hundreds of thousands of big brothers and sisters
Just buying a box of snacks is definitely not enough.
We are a card collection game
What an excellent card?
It's like Wu Song in this box.
As long as 108 items of Water Margin are collected
You can go to our company to exchange for a car.
Hey, this is kind of interesting, not only that
We still have the Three Kingdoms Card in the box here, including Wei State.
Shu Kingdom of Wu
Each country has 24 heroes
This number is complete
Can you exchange it for a color TV or a large refrigerator?
Of course, if you collect all three countries
You can also exchange it for a car.
Then I'll buy a few boxes and try it.
I can't afford it either.
You give me one give me one
Oh, there's more, there's more.
The Song Jiang you stole is still yours. Wow.
This is Guan Yu
I like Guan Yu the most. This is Pan Jinlian.
This is beautiful.
I want to buy another lion.
Page
How can there be such a dwarf hahaha
What are you silly about? Help!
Who is in charge here?